One upon a time, there was a person, our Hero, who wanted a genuine hand-made Plunkle. The problem is, our Hero didn't know how to make one. Besides, you can't make a Plunkle without a Boondit, and you can't make a Boondit without a Skrebert. What ever was he to do?

Luckily, our Hero had three friends, one who could make a Skrebert, one who could make a Boondit, and another who could make a Plunkle.

Our Hero went up to the first friend and said, "Can you make me a Skrebert?" "Absolutely!" said the first friend. "I'll be back in an hour." So off the first friend went, and our Hero walked over to the second friend. "Can you make me a Boondit" asked our Hero. "Why, of course!" said the second friend. "But I'll need a Skrebert first". "I'll get that to you" said our Hero, "once my friend has made one". Off walked the second friend, and our Hero approached the third friend. "Can you make me a Plunkle?" "I would be honored" said the third friend, "but first I need a Boondit". "I will get you that" answered our Hero, "once my friend has made one." The third friend then walked away and our Hero got to work on making a wooden case for the Plunkle.

About an hour later the first friend appeared. "I have finished your Skrebert!" said the first friend. "Thank you!" said our Hero, who then ran to find the second friend. "I have a Skrebert for you!" said our Hero. "Much abliged" said the second friend, taking the Skrebert. "I'll be back in an hour." The second friend walked away, and our Hero then went about working further on the Plunkle case.

About an hour later the second friend came back. "Here is your Boondit" the second friend said. "Thank you!" said our Hero, who then ran to find his third friend. "Here is a Boondit for you!" our Hero said, handing it over to the third friend. "Many thanks" said the third friend. "I will be back in an hour." The third friend left, and our Hero went about finishing up the Plunkle case.

About an hour later the third friend appeared. "Here is your Plunkle", the third friend said. "Oh, Thank you so VERY much" said our excited Hero. "I now have a Plunkle!". Our Hero then proudly displayed the new Plunkle in a shiny new box.

The End.